Add UART and clock configuration for STM32F4 (#99)
iml130/iree-bare-metal-arm: README.md

One can choose to either build the sample with libopencm3 or with CMSIS by either setting `BUILD_WITH_LIBOPENCM3` or `BUILD_WITH_CMSIS` to `ON`.
Depending on whether you build with libopencm3 or CMSIS, you need to pass the correct linker flags via `CUSTOM_ARM_LINKER_FLAGS`
and need to specify the appropriate linker script via `PATH_TO_LINKER_SCRIPT`.

> UART1 and UART2 can be initialized by setting `USE_UART1` and `USE_UART2` to `ON`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building with CMSIS, UART1 and UART2 can be initialized by setting `USE_UART1` and `USE_UART2` to `ON`.
If building with libopencm3 this isn't configurable (yet) and UART2 is used.
```

> The clock can be configured in four ways. The internal clock `HSI` or the external clock `HSE` can either be used directly or via `PLL`. To configure the clock set `CLOCK_SOURCE` to one of `HSI`, `HSE`, `PLL_HSI` or `PLL_HSE`. The default is to use the internal clock directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The clock can be configured in four ways. The internal clock `HSI` or the external clock `HSE` can either be used with or without using a phase-locked loop (PLL).
To configure the clock set `CLOCK_SOURCE` to `HSI`, `HSE`, `PLL_HSI` or `PLL_HSE`. The option defaults to `HSI`.
```
